Jasie Crotinger: Hello.
Richelle Direny: Hi, good morning.
Morning.
Jasie Crotinger: Go ahead.
Jasie Crotinger: Sorry.
Jasie Crotinger: We're working, get them ready for school.
Jasie Crotinger: On
Oh,
Richelle Direny: But you said you're the one that said that you work from home.
Jasie Crotinger: Yeah, I know, I work, I had to be at work from nine to nine to two and then
Richelle Direny: From two to
Jasie Crotinger: Five or six
Jasie Crotinger: Depending on if people
Jasie Crotinger: Five o'clock.
Jasie Crotinger: That day to day
Jasie Crotinger: Two to five or six is like is the worst home dad.
Richelle Direny: Okay.
Jasie Crotinger: Hey, I'm on the phone.
Richelle Direny: No worries.
Richelle Direny: No worries. Okay, let me pull up I'm going to pull up because I haven't seen you. Oh, yeah. And I also let's pull up your treatment plan here to see kind of where we are.
Okay.
Jasie Crotinger: My
Jasie Crotinger: Dear brother.
Jasie Crotinger: get washed up please. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: I think our children have embedded that that word why in there.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, everything has
Jasie Crotinger: To be
Why
Jasie Crotinger: Yeah, they I like
Jasie Crotinger: She's okay with them but sometime soon as I grow evil with
Richelle Direny: What they're older suddenly
Jasie Crotinger: Yeah, the order right now there's order to take their she's nine. So after help sometimes and sometimes you evaluating about it.
Richelle Direny: Well, that will always be
Richelle Direny: Always be
Richelle Direny: OK, so
Richelle Direny: The processing between each thing here is so small.
Jasie Crotinger: I bet I use our words here that my one job and as
Jasie Crotinger: Soon as it kicked me out of emails and stuff like that. You gotta go back a hope that it saves a lot
Jasie Crotinger: Of annoying.
Richelle Direny: I mean, when I pull up your treatment plan, how, how has everything been going. I mean, like I said, it's been
Richelle Direny: Some time since I've met with you. How is, you know, things being
Jasie Crotinger: Gay.
Jasie Crotinger: Nothing's really been a different
Jasie Crotinger: Things that I think going to have the same routine every day. I mean, I didn't have some drama in their little bit here and there with my dad being around a little bit with her mom. Not like necessarily like
Jasie Crotinger: Like drama in that way, but it's more like
Jasie Crotinger: A kid with mom just one lens of them. So whenever you'd be around here with you know my kids or whatever been in time to be had. Be really spend time with them like that.
Jasie Crotinger: It'd be a problem. He made a big deal about it.
Jasie Crotinger: So just, I don't know. That's like one thing I just, I had a like kind of pushed out because it was just too much drama.
Jasie Crotinger: So,
Richelle Direny: Your children you and your children's father lives together.
Jasie Crotinger: No, he didn't really come around when he got out of prison like
Jasie Crotinger: I think it was April or March.
Jasie Crotinger: Or they
Jasie Crotinger: May be march a brighter. Now one of the two. But anyways, we got a prison his birthday mom when God well
Jasie Crotinger: He was also method away with other its current baby mama. You just had a baby with now.
Jasie Crotinger: So what happened was, is he was in a relationship with its birth babies mom and she didn't hurt with that girl. Well, whenever he was transitioning into her house.
Jasie Crotinger: Like get ready to move with the one that you just got pregnant and I just had a baby, and he was coming over here alive to spend time with this kid was
Jasie Crotinger: Because he wasn't able to go spend time with the other good at her house because there's just too much, and she didn't have
Jasie Crotinger: She I guess she had a victim around that time. So she didn't have anywhere to say much. So anyways, when he would come over here and I would be
Jasie Crotinger: A problem with both of them. There's a lot of drama and you know for me to deal with that had two females that were just being weird about the situation.
Jasie Crotinger: We just didn't give you know give a crap what they thought. So we never really tried to relieve the situation.
Jasie Crotinger: So there was there for a minute with a lot of drama and stress. But, I mean, I just thought I'd that were dead. I mean I got over it.
Jasie Crotinger: Now,
Richelle Direny: This was, this was so it's almost a year now since he's been out of prison.
Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, cuz you said that it was in April.
Jasie Crotinger: Yeah, April or March or April, which everyone
Jasie Crotinger: Well,
Richelle Direny: Yeah, so it's almost a year.
Richelle Direny: I see in one of your goals that you are working on. It's not to explore like some of your personal goals was to explore struggles with avoiding confrontation and setting boundaries.
Jasie Crotinger: Yeah, well that laughing I talked to my carefully about which is my last individual
Jasie Crotinger: Because I didn't have a job with
Jasie Crotinger: With my kids. And then my youngest son. Oh my god.
Jasie Crotinger: Well, buddy. You're closer upstairs on the bed or. Yep. Um, anyways, around the time I was doing individuals with her, I was going through a lot with him.
Jasie Crotinger: And he was living with me. This one was live with me totally different kids, Dad. But he didn't want me and he like had cheated on me with the girl from work.
Jasie Crotinger: And he started like kind of like, you know, seeing the girl and the girl had no clue about me. So it kind of had to do some disrespectful stuff to kind of make it look like he was in a relationship, you know, I mean, so
Jasie Crotinger: And then stop. Yeah.
Jasie Crotinger: Yeah, no, I don't think that go, you go get your coat off the bat. It's right up there, then
Jasie Crotinger: I'm on the same stop.
Jasie Crotinger: I'm sorry.
Jasie Crotinger: Um, anyways. So that was the issue like setting setting boundaries and avoiding confrontation within your I mean just letting things
Jasie Crotinger: Because otherwise arguing with them on point with them. I was always like guarantee you're always arguing about something he goes on to place blame.
Jasie Crotinger: And all that. And so I think that was my one the burger and
Jasie Crotinger: avoid confrontation, which I'm actually did avoid it.
Jasie Crotinger: Is let it go. Honestly, now he's trying to come back in and tell me, sorry, and you stop stop with your mouth. I'm on the same thing, go upstairs and get your coat
Jasie Crotinger: You're still I'm saying
Richelle Direny: No, you're fine there for
Richelle Direny: Us and we all people with young children. We all have these conversations, getting ready in the morning.
Jasie Crotinger: Yeah, it is not cooperate. But yeah, a lot of my issues. And if they're not understanding why during the night knowing why he did this stuff, but I mean ended everything for him. So he now for the day he admits that he was wrong. He never did it.
Jasie Crotinger: Yeah, his justification that was that he was living in that and and all that it is. Yeah. I mean, that is on find out as a justification for why you do that here. I mean,
Richelle Direny: But then you said that you, is it that you just kind of forgot about it and got over it because then the
Richelle Direny: The thing would be if you never really addressed it and really set those clear boundaries with him.
Richelle Direny: In terms of confrontation. It just really depends. I mean confrontation is not always a bad thing confrontation meaning me could mean that you're confronting the issues that real cause a problem with the relationship in the sense that
Richelle Direny: When it comes on to the children if it's is it that you guys are just working on having a civil relationship where you're just co parenting only
Richelle Direny: And nothing more. And it's setting those boundaries or is it that you're setting boundaries in the sense that if you are having more than just a cool parenting relationship. And you guys are engaged in a relationship.
Richelle Direny: Is setting goals like what does that look like. So it's setting those boundaries. So that's what I'm trying to
Richelle Direny: Understand, like in terms of moving forward, what are, what are your expectations, where that's concerned with him.
Jasie Crotinger: And
Jasie Crotinger: When we dig within boundaries because you can get them every two weeks, I need him summer with the girl his lead now. Yeah. I mean, it takes a night and he takes them and then brings them back that Sunday. So we did set boundaries as far as profanity. Yeah, we don't want you to do that.
Jasie Crotinger: So, I mean,
Jasie Crotinger: Yeah, the boundaries Vegas, I don't know, as far as like, you know, dressing the issue on think we ever really did.
Jasie Crotinger: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: But do you feel in your opinion, where it's concerned, it is imperative for you to address it because I mean I can see you addressing it. If it is a situation where
Richelle Direny: You both are working on getting back into a relationship, then yes, those issues need to be addressed. But if it's that he's living his life he has his own relationship.
Richelle Direny: And this is just a matter of the co parenting piece, then that's more important to to address them to them in an argument about
Jasie Crotinger: Right He's married now. So the girl.
But he's trying
Jasie Crotinger: And he's trying now like contact me and talk to me all day because I was our routine like we would talk all day. And why does that work. I gotta call my brakes and as before I got married right upon my braids in the morning about climate and you talked all the time so we
Jasie Crotinger: Were on the phone wisely. But then he got married.
Jasie Crotinger: And I put it off. Once I realize that's what he was doing, you know, lied to me about. He never he never admitted to it. You know, I mean, I think that's because he didn't want to lose contact with me.
Jasie Crotinger: But he never admitted it. So him now. I feel like he is trying to get that relationship back and you can't do that when you're married, that's my thing.
Jasie Crotinger: And I know what time
Richelle Direny: What being
Richelle Direny: What kind of relationship. Is it a
Jasie Crotinger: Night talking to
Jasie Crotinger: Your bank.
Jasie Crotinger: No, no, no.
Richelle Direny: Oh yeah, well, like talking to me behind her back type stuff or
Jasie Crotinger: Like having me come see him my weird stuff that I wouldn't do and I'm in the clear wasn't going to, you know, I mean, I don't know.
Jasie Crotinger: If you are the voice to be different story. If you were to get into divorce, I would take you seriously. Could you talk about how he's not happy. And some of that. Well, if you're not happy, then go get a divorce and then we'll talk. Yeah, I mean,
Jasie Crotinger: In the meantime, we're not doing that. We're not going to keep that that contact where you're
Jasie Crotinger: Where you're telling me, Oh, I'm not happy. But I'm still gonna sit in the same situation here I need to just repeat the whole purpose.
Jasie Crotinger: Like it's not fair to her, just like I said, even though she came in on my relationship is different. You're very like that.
Jasie Crotinger: Not so he got married to his
Richelle Direny: He got married to your ex coworkers. What's your thing.
Jasie Crotinger: Now he got married to his coworker.
Jasie Crotinger: The girl need to know anyway.
Jasie Crotinger: Okay. Yeah, because he died. He died a lie. Right. So I felt like this. What he what he needed to feel better.
Jasie Crotinger: And
Jasie Crotinger: I relationship, you never really gave us a fair shot because he had a day mom in the mix of it.
Jasie Crotinger: It was always having to deal with her and make excuses rowing had to go say that my dad doesn't. It was weird stuff. Yeah, I mean,
Jasie Crotinger: Like it may know about. Are you talking about like we're in a relationship. Why do you need to go over there and spend the night with your daughter. You know, I mean, like, stuff like that, just
Jasie Crotinger: Didn't make no sense. But then you go with this female and she don't want to deal with that stuff yeah i mean by that is, I'm
Jasie Crotinger: Like I never had a fair shot with it. I told him I said I dealt with the same shit and just like you're learning about it and you just want to benefit from our relationship and united your fucking way and I just don't think that's fair.
Jasie Crotinger: Yeah, I mean,
Richelle Direny: So, yes.
Richelle Direny: Yeah. So yeah, so then definitely it will be setting those boundaries with him, where
Richelle Direny: If you have like those clear boundaries. One is
Richelle Direny: If you're just going to be co parenting.
Richelle Direny: Then it's co parenting were like whatever plans that you guys have when it comes on to the children than the conversation and it's related to the children and nothing more.
Jasie Crotinger: Like I see says
Richelle Direny: If you're you're married. If you don't want to have and setting those boundaries straining and
Richelle Direny: making it very clear confronting the fact if you don't want to have respect for your marriage. Well, I'm not going to help you break those vows and I'm not going to be a part of that.
Richelle Direny: So, you know, it's just making it very clear that you're in a marriage that's that's what you chose and like you said, if you're unhappy then seek help, but I'm not going to infiltrate that whole marriage.
Jasie Crotinger: That falling back on me.
Jasie Crotinger: The Bible. Why would you do that.
Jasie Crotinger: Why would you set it down on the floor. That's not where was it. Why would you do that.
Jasie Crotinger: I'm sorry.
Jasie Crotinger: My kids are doing stupid stuff right now.
Jasie Crotinger: told him that you can get out of my thing. Now get away
Jasie Crotinger: Anyways, I told them.
Jasie Crotinger: Hey, I mean you're married, you're married, he got aggravated with an equal you know my
Jasie Crotinger: One baby bad being around you. But when you're there with them. But you're telling me you wonder as as different he's not in a relationship, you've already committed to these females, obviously.
Jasie Crotinger: You know, I mean, that's not my fault and your are you actually committed to her. So that's a different story. And then he finally was like, you're right. You know, I'm sorry. You just reminded me that I am married and you know whatever boba. Yeah. Like, I don't
Know if he's married
Jasie Crotinger: He said, You're right. You remind you are trying to sort of remind me that I'm married. That's what he said to me.
Richelle Direny: Oh, wow.
Richelle Direny: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: He needs to go to me. Yeah, he's to go get help for his situation, but
Jasie Crotinger: Because he was on a locker and now it's like because she was like, you know, she kept on saying we're doing like talking to people, not in her back and
Jasie Crotinger: I felt I felt like personally like she was getting ready to leave them in here like Alicia. Screw it. Let's get married, I'm married right now I want to gamble, but
Jasie Crotinger: You know, I mean, I felt like he wanted to trap her it was all about trapping her in that marriage that he's having a flag with a piece of paper in the answer to hear you had a previous marriage he got he got another girl of hugging me
Jasie Crotinger: And her yet Mario, you got another girl.
Richelle Direny: How many children so you
Have
Jasie Crotinger: Yeah.
Jasie Crotinger: Five.
Richelle Direny: And how many kids do you have with him.
Jasie Crotinger: Oh boy.
Richelle Direny: Okay, yeah.
Jasie Crotinger: Go first good one.
Richelle Direny: To you have a total you only have three children.
Jasie Crotinger: Yeah, I only have three children.
Jasie Crotinger: Two of them are with the one that's not married. That's not even committed
Jasie Crotinger: And and one of them is with the one that's made that was just
Jasie Crotinger: Like I don't want
Richelle Direny: This is our youngest child.
Jasie Crotinger: Yeah, this is my youngest child that and I've been. I haven't worked with him for off and on, like 10 years like it's been a long time to meet him or offline.
Jasie Crotinger: As I told him, I said, why would you marry her more sure that you were over me. You are. I mean, good. He was in. He was always trying to reach out to. I was in a relationship with her.
Jasie Crotinger: He was always trying to come back here and so by that and I told him no, you know, I mean, I was like block them to my urine, you're in a relationship, very good luck on united mean
Jasie Crotinger: Like, leave me alone. Let me, let me move on, you know, I mean, so it was always something. But, you know, in the beginning, my person mess around like
Jasie Crotinger: For actually this went on for years. He would always like beg me to be with him or get mad if I if I wouldn't you, I mean, if I were to talk to her mess with them or anything like that. So it's like I just like
Jasie Crotinger: You shouldn't have gotten married because he should have expected that he was going to want to talk to me or I mean
Jasie Crotinger: This has been my head is
Jasie Crotinger: What I say is routine or what
Jasie Crotinger: Has been something he's always done it. I mean, everybody knows that.
Richelle Direny: Yeah. So yeah, so that is definitely something
Jasie Crotinger: That yeah and I
Jasie Crotinger: Yeah. For other effects and for their marriage and I mean there's different. Yeah, I mean, I hate that series of just sending a Bible. I'm still not committed
Jasie Crotinger: BY THEN I DON'T KNOW WHY WOULD YOU HAVE MADE IT TODAY, what do you should have got married to begin with.
Richelle Direny: I mean, and I think and i think it's it's one of the other things that I can look at with you in terms of working on, it's you know for you to
Richelle Direny: Maybe saying, you know, what are your expectations are. What are your personal goals for your life as it's related to your three children and raising them.
Richelle Direny: And just like staying focused on you because as you said that he's married. He's doing his own thing. You kind of need to move on with your life and you need to, you know, figure out what is it that you want to do so with your life and pretty much get over that whole situation with him.
Jasie Crotinger: Yeah, well, this is a ridiculous ridiculous situation I really did.
Jasie Crotinger: I don't like it. Honestly, because he reaches out to me here. I mean, it's like, I can't, I can't block of hiding under
Jasie Crotinger: Your i mean i can block his numbers is can block the private number and I left alone for a long time for
Jasie Crotinger: Like, I thought I would. I would. You know, I'm really more and I said keep my my line and you don't have to worry about me because I hadn't really been hitting them up. You guys want to reach out to me.
Jasie Crotinger: And I told her that. And she was like, okay, I respect that. Yeah. You know, I'm thank you for agreeing to not entertain him is what she said to me, and then does happen.
Richelle Direny: What do you think so, you told the wife about it.
Jasie Crotinger: Yeah, listen before they got married, I told her, because she had caught him up trying to get mad at me because he said
Jasie Crotinger: I didn't talk to you in a couple of days and she's seen the message, right. So I said, it goes both ways. But why would I read that to you. You know, I mean, and then
Jasie Crotinger: To see that I wasn't entertaining the show you I mean she's seen that he was one reached out to me once again this is always what happened.
Jasie Crotinger: No girl.
Jasie Crotinger: CC night he was one reach out to me and I'm like, Well, I don't know what to tell you.
Jasie Crotinger: You know, I can't stop them from
Jasie Crotinger: Reaching out through email and shit. Yeah, I mean I just I can't stop them from doing anything I can ignore it. I can, you know, tell them it is what it is. I can do all that I can't stop them from it. So,
Jasie Crotinger: You know Jim as my comment. I said, Look, I said, I'm not going to argue with you about a man that obviously isn't going to do right that's on here that for for wanting to be with that, man. You're not going to change them. So it's up to you when
Jasie Crotinger: Exactly what you're going to do about it, you know, I mean,
Richelle Direny: But you're not gonna thinking I'm trying to
Jasie Crotinger: Place blame on me when I'm not the one and you clearly see, I'm not the one that reached out to him, you know, I mean,
Jasie Crotinger: So you need to blame him when that man for time to constantly and it likes entertained. Another female or reached out to another female because
Jasie Crotinger: Shimon texted me. That's where it started. She texted me and said, hey, Leslie mad that that he has a hurts me your days, you might want to
Jasie Crotinger: Might want to reach out to them and said this is a concern, friends, and I'm like, wait a minute. I'll do they going to say that you're going to do. Someone text me saying was that your I mean like
Jasie Crotinger: I just know Wesley when he went to had been through fit in part one of his friends at work about that when he was anything so I knew it was her offer it sound like
Jasie Crotinger: Who is this. And you know why you talk about it. But then I ended up with him either pronunciation. It was her number. I said, Listen, I said, girl. You've seen that he reached out to me.
Jasie Crotinger: I said, if you go back into his other messages. You can see he's already sounds to me. He's the one giving me his number when you change it. Okay, you guys didn't get your socks and shoes on your. I mean, it was like
Richelle Direny: Before this is before they got married.
Jasie Crotinger: Yeah, before they got married, I just explained to her, like, look, you can see he's going to tell me he missed me any messed up, and he wants to come home, you're seeing all these messages and you're seeing that I'm not entertaining it but then you're going to get mad at me though.
Jasie Crotinger: Get mad at him.
Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Mm hmm.
Richelle Direny: confronting her insecurities.
Jasie Crotinger: Right. And I told her, I said, girl. He was with me and living with me and in a horse RELATIONSHIP WITH ME. THAT'S WHAT AM I said you should have done your homework, honey.
Jasie Crotinger: You can do your homework because you will easily figure it out. In the beginning you want to go through all this. I said, I tried to tell you what you don't want to listen.
Jasie Crotinger: You want to keep thinking some always bitter. How does look like
Jasie Crotinger: If I was bitter. I think I would have been the one reached out to him. Don't you think, you know, I mean, I told her that I said it monitors be her if that was what it really was.
Jasie Crotinger: If that's what you really thought then, don't you think I would have been one reaching out to him. Do you think I would have his number I grew by the hell out of you with that so
Richelle Direny: She finally realized with
Jasie Crotinger: Him, but
Jasie Crotinger: She still kind of mad about situation because she's probably mad at yourself for looking very targeted like that. But I thought you
Richelle Direny: Sounds like you're pretty much, but that was before they got married, but now it's like I said, now it seems like
Richelle Direny: The
Jasie Crotinger: The primary heading. Now it's
Jasie Crotinger: It's really more
Richelle Direny: Yeah. And for him to understand that you need to work on your relationship with your wife, not to sit here and call me when you you're if it's not related to the kids. Then I don't really need to be entertaining our conversation with you.
Richelle Direny: Are giving an inkling that it's okay for you to call me.
Richelle Direny: Just to have
Jasie Crotinger: A conversation and
Richelle Direny: Buy a car.
Jasie Crotinger: My life. Yeah, it kind of come into my life.
Jasie Crotinger: Exactly how to my house.
Jasie Crotinger: And you have the audacity to tell me I can have my other big data, my house.
Jasie Crotinger: I said,
Jasie Crotinger: Exactly. So this is my house I pay my bill just like I tell his girls I pay my bills. Don't worry about who's in my house and it's not your business. You can't tell me who I can have my house.
Jasie Crotinger: near one of y'all can tell me I pay my bills you don't pay nothing. Y'all know nothing for me. I know him. I know that do not tell me who I can have in my house. Don't do that.
Jasie Crotinger: And that's, I told him like
Jasie Crotinger: Chocolate weird shit for him to do.
Jasie Crotinger: On your own self respect right and you're trying to bring him and he can use it because we went through a lot with like I left hand for divine. That was my first year. I mean, my first day I was
Jasie Crotinger: Good with computers and know roughly when it got picked up and I left. So we're gonna get
Jasie Crotinger: Back to the lesson.
Jasie Crotinger: Yeah. Anyways, I left them.
Jasie Crotinger: Because he was
Jasie Crotinger: VERY NAUGHTY towards it doesn't like
Richelle Direny: He said he doesn't. But that those are your first, your, your, that's your
Richelle Direny: Folder children's father
Jasie Crotinger: Yeah, I had a Mari the under on like I was pregnant and thought it was you know my first baby died down and turns out with Leslie, so I had a baby on him. You know, I mean, so that you know it makes me mad about situations TV.
Jasie Crotinger: Drama, the law, you know, sucking on why he does it.
Jasie Crotinger: For you to my good job. Yeah. I mean, he doesn't do none of that.
Jasie Crotinger: So it's kind of like it's a division where I'm just like, why are you so angry at him when he don't through your son, my son. He is his
Jasie Crotinger: His lifestyle and stuff isn't the best year. I mean, but in the same thing you treat them very good. He doesn't treat a mess. It doesn't like here. I mean, exposing the things we serve you. So true.
Jasie Crotinger: And
Richelle Direny: So it's his own insecurities that he's trying to
Richelle Direny: Instill upon you and have you feel
Richelle Direny: guilty about it.
Jasie Crotinger: Yeah, you got to get up. You guys gotta get him go.
Jasie Crotinger: Yeah, that's basically what it is here. Another good thing that you can run over here.
Richelle Direny: Well that's good that you are able to put those boundaries in there.
Richelle Direny: And just maintaining it.
Richelle Direny: And at that point, yeah.
Richelle Direny: Maybe what you're doing it.
Richelle Direny: Just it's just really truly maintaining it.
Jasie Crotinger: Right right as I tell them I don't want to be a part of that. That's the worst thing.
Jasie Crotinger: That don't want me here. I mean,
Jasie Crotinger: He really has adapted you to ask me.
Jasie Crotinger: To meet him up like vitamins job. Some like more. I think you really have a gas, gas Zombieland. Sorry. No worries and take him like come pick him up to talk and stuff. I'm like, now I'm not doing it.
Jasie Crotinger: I know the fact that you're asked me to come at four in the morning shows me like, hey, there's a reason you're. I mean, you really weren't happy like give a fuck what you thought you'd be counter. Hey, I wanted to
Jasie Crotinger: Blender. I mean, it wouldn't be a situation where you're asked me to put myself out there for in the morning to pick you up for what
Jasie Crotinger: Like this weird stuff.
Jasie Crotinger: Come on, get your shoes on. Now, now,
Jasie Crotinger: No, I don't have no money, get this now,
Jasie Crotinger: One, two. If I say, Sorry, I'm going to walk you issues on now.
Jasie Crotinger: I don't have it. Get your shoes going, why would you say to men to come on man.
Jasie Crotinger: Let me see here. People freaking shooting.
Jasie Crotinger: You're not funny or annoying. Oh my god. These guys
Richelle Direny: What time do they go to school.
Jasie Crotinger: They're supposed to be there a bikini 25 but they're being annoyingly slow today.
Jasie Crotinger: Look, I don't know why you're being so slow. Get ready, Mr you but you have to go right now.
Jasie Crotinger: Oh wow, okay.
Jasie Crotinger: Yeah, you're going
Richelle Direny: To give them some money.
Jasie Crotinger: Yeah, that around. I brought up the students are now he wants money for it.
Jasie Crotinger: Yeah, got it right. Literally late
Jasie Crotinger: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Okay, so let's see what else here.
Richelle Direny: Now I know that you are one of the goals of course, like you said, back when you're working with Karen me and you were working and it was education. Are you were you working on going back to school.
Jasie Crotinger: Yeah, I want to go ask them kind of holiday school or not go back, but go to class analogy for
Jasie Crotinger: Me or something like that. I can do with a felony with with apparently I think about the nursing school because they don't you know they don't accept that.
Richelle Direny: You said nursing school or cosmetology
Jasie Crotinger: school nursing
Jasie Crotinger: Nursing for cosmetology going to bed nursing is where I wanted to the high dive a felony. They're not gonna let me do it. Stop worry
Jasie Crotinger: Though
Jasie Crotinger: Oh,
Sorry does
Jasie Crotinger: Get out the door right
Jasie Crotinger: Yeah.
Jasie Crotinger: I'm on the top of the individual. I will call it right on time that I did, yes, I'm doing, I promise.
Jasie Crotinger: I'll call upon me. Yes, I will.
Jasie Crotinger: I am on the thing. I can't wait until I'm already. I want to be late for me to go now.
Jasie Crotinger: No good.
Jasie Crotinger: I promise.
Jasie Crotinger: I promise, I promise I will you say I love you. MUSIC. She's mine in Ashland
Richelle Direny: Oh, they walk to school.
Jasie Crotinger: Yeah, they're like right across the street from the school.
Jasie Crotinger: Oh, good. I was
There.
Richelle Direny: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: That is
Richelle Direny: That is the House will have every parent in the morning, trying to get
Richelle Direny: That out to school, whether
Jasie Crotinger: There's something that's on this phone. We have time
Jasie Crotinger: To get aggravated with them. But if I can get up get going.
Jasie Crotinger: Yeah, adding here.
Jasie Crotinger: Literally
Okay.
Richelle Direny: Listen, you gotta love a missile
Jasie Crotinger: Yeah, the love them at the end of the day.
Jasie Crotinger: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: So you
Jasie Crotinger: Know not
Jasie Crotinger: Of course, of course.
Richelle Direny: Yes, I'd you're not not cosmetology school yet.
Jasie Crotinger: Not yet.
Richelle Direny: Now, what is your goal in terms of getting into cosmetology school
Jasie Crotinger: Figured out you get that situated where I can
Jasie Crotinger: Get you there and be that bad.
Jasie Crotinger: What is it
Jasie Crotinger: What is that called in and I came on and
Richelle Direny: Would you talk about with your student loans.
Jasie Crotinger: Yeah. Student loan that's what it is. I get my student loans figured out first, because
Richelle Direny: forbearance.
Jasie Crotinger: And live in pain on it. Instead, so it doesn't affect me as far as like my taxes and stuff like that. So I know that I talked to take him because of it.
Jasie Crotinger: So I can deal with like paying every month for six months and then now it's to the other part where I'm getting a deer down
Jasie Crotinger: Zero dollar a month. I don't have to pay nothing every month. It keeps it from being in the negative like stuff. We're getting near I mean are piling up so it's been taking care of, or is that it goes, I should be able to go back to school. I didn't have to go figure that out how that goes.
Richelle Direny: Okay, so I mean I would definitely encourage you, just to, you know, kind of like be more proactive in kind of figuring it out so you can get into the program because what are you what you're doing now.
Richelle Direny: Is it pretty lucrative in terms of financially.
Richelle Direny: It's meeting a need right now. But do you think if you go into
Richelle Direny: cosmetology school or get your license you would, would you be a little bit more in terms of generating income, it will be a little bit better. And you'll be more stable.
Yeah.
Jasie Crotinger: Definitely
Richelle Direny: I mean, and it's just, you know, being proactive about seeing like what kind of assistance is out there with helping you kind of stay to
Richelle Direny: With your if you're if you're already paying on your student loans, then it's just kind of finding out through whatever program. You want to go to how you know
Richelle Direny: In terms of flexibility or them. How will it work with with your children being able to go to school while your children are in school or
Richelle Direny: You know, if it's in the evenings and someone assisting you with the kids in the afternoon. I mean, it sounds like your children's for your first kids father is involved, so he'll be helpful with them already.
Jasie Crotinger: Yeah, he is.
Jasie Crotinger: He is
Jasie Crotinger: He
Jasie Crotinger: He's a need for a bit about it sometimes he can, though.
Jasie Crotinger: Yeah, I mean,
Richelle Direny: You said sometimes he's not able but I mean it's just looking into
Richelle Direny: In terms of, I mean, when you look at your, your life now are kind of the structure of how things are for you now.
Richelle Direny: Do you see various areas of improvement.
Jasie Crotinger: Yeah, most definitely.
Richelle Direny: Okay.
Jasie Crotinger: I want to career because
Jasie Crotinger: I want them to fall back on something that's consistent. I don't want to have to keep bugging out here again, never. I mean, I'll work a second job that you enjoy the night prayer, but my first job to be that you're i mean i my first job to be
Jasie Crotinger: Mm hmm careers that my kids. I mean, all your be so I wanted to worry about.
Jasie Crotinger: Anything you know they'll be taken care of and so
Jasie Crotinger: Yeah, they weren't ready for anything you're i mean
Richelle Direny: Doing
Richelle Direny: Go ahead. You just see like what
Jasie Crotinger: I just like a career would definitely be something that's better for me and
Richelle Direny: So it's kind of taking on that kind of really sitting down and really thinking about it and saying, How bad do you want it.
Richelle Direny: And when you think about how bad do you want it, how bad do you want stability, how bad do you want structure, how bad do you want financial stability.
Richelle Direny: For not just for you. But for your children or no, I should put it the reverse, not just for your children ultimately for you.
Jasie Crotinger: Right.
Richelle Direny: How bad do you want it. And I see it is that then gives you the courage to
Richelle Direny: Move forward in and saying, Okay, I'm going to be pro. I'm going to look at what programs are out there.
Richelle Direny: And based on the programs that are out there.
Richelle Direny: THEIR SCHEDULE IS IT conducive to the schedule that I have with my children and the work that I do.
Richelle Direny: It means that I would have to maybe work on the weekends and have friends and family helped me out with my children. And that's what I will do, because at the end of the day, sometimes we often kind of look at
Richelle Direny: Our situation and circumstances right now and not think of it as you know what i can't i will get out of the situation that I'm in this my circumstances is not going to last forever.
Richelle Direny: It is just for time. And once we stop thinking about it. It's our circumstances as a thing that's going on for eternity. And just for a short time.
Richelle Direny: I think it will give us a little bit more courage to say, hey, I'm going to do this. It's only let's say it's a six month program six months is going to come and go in no time.
Richelle Direny: And in that period of time. You think in six months. My goal in six months. I'm going to be in school. I'll be done with it and at least I will have something lined up. I can work. I can see the light of the end of the tunnel ultimately
Richelle Direny: And if you think of it in that aspect. Then you will have a little bit more courage and a little bit more motivation to move forward.
Jasie Crotinger: Right.
Richelle Direny: If I just think like today, I have no money. So I have to work. I have to go and I have to do this job in the morning, I have to do this job in the evening. If you think like that all the time, you will you will become
Richelle Direny: Go ahead.
Jasie Crotinger: That's how I go to my other one I am after I get off with you. I just I can't get any money coming in from the last round money was unique members Arnie February.
Jasie Crotinger: Yeah, I mean, like, it's already had revival had a check from there, like two months. And it's just like a kind of like a pain in the ass because it's like, Come on now, like I gotta have money coming in, you know, I mean,
Richelle Direny: It's, it's always becomes like that in. So you like you. You're on their books, but you're not making any money.
Richelle Direny: So yeah, it's thinking, Okay, well, this is not working. This is not lucrative, what is the what, why am I
Richelle Direny: Why am I wasting my ultimately being on their books and I'm
Richelle Direny: Not really making any money.
Richelle Direny: So they're looking at what else is out there and the
Richelle Direny: Other thing is maybe seeing if you can get a job in a salon as a you know a receptionist or just doing something
Jasie Crotinger: Because if you go back to school.
Richelle Direny: Your job is being a stylist or whatever it is that you want to specialize in in that salon.
Jasie Crotinger: Right, right, sorry, I didn't hear you there for me I my air pods disconnecting
Richelle Direny: Okay, no problem. No, I was saying that maybe another thing that you can look into is trying to see if they're hiring in a salon in your area.
Richelle Direny: On whether, if you're a subsection is or you just wash their hair or whatever it is.
Richelle Direny: That if you're only available on the weekend to do that. That's a foot in the door, because then you know your ultimate goal is
Richelle Direny: To become a cosmetologist if that's if it's here that you want to do, because I know cosmetology covers all different things. So what does it cosmetology has just here where it's hair. And what else
Jasie Crotinger: Or it's just hear me and hear me now okay here now and stuff I'd make up
Jasie Crotinger: Yes. So what specifically
Richelle Direny: Wanted to enter
Or you want to be well rounded
Jasie Crotinger: I'm going to do all of it.
Jasie Crotinger: Okay.
Richelle Direny: So if you work you work in a salon where they have all of it in
Richelle Direny: And even if it's you're just washing the hair or you're just doing Miles manicures and pedicures whatever it is that you don't necessarily need a license in but you can work in the salon.
Richelle Direny: It's it gives you a foot in the door because you now, you know, my goal is to get license and once I become licensed, then I can move from just washing the
Richelle Direny: Hair. Now I can call him how I can do this. Now, I could do
Jasie Crotinger: That
Jasie Crotinger: At least you've already had something and then you've excited
Richelle Direny: You have established a clientele from working.
Richelle Direny: In the salon. Right.
Richelle Direny: Voluntary your time. So that's kind of how you look at it, because oftentimes
Jasie Crotinger: Our circumstances.
Richelle Direny: Asleep were in all I do is I look at my circumstance, and I only look at, okay, this job pays me let's say $15 an hour and so
Jasie Crotinger: You know,
Richelle Direny: It's, it's
Richelle Direny: It's answering the needs that I have right now and
Jasie Crotinger: Right.
Richelle Direny: You can't, you can't see yourself doing anything else there's fear of you moving forward because of the current circumstances that you're in.
Richelle Direny: And you fear if I if I take a leap of faith and go do something else. I may lose the little bit of income that I'm getting you understand it's like our minds run wild. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: And it is a somewhat stagnant our circumstances. Keep a stagnant. Instead of thinking out of the box and get creative of how can I work towards. Ultimately, my goal of financial stability.
Jasie Crotinger: Right, right.
Richelle Direny: Or just overall stability.
Richelle Direny: For myself and my
Jasie Crotinger: Children.
Richelle Direny: When dinner. Oh, yeah. In general, and not having to depend on whether or not your children's Father give you money to help you with the children, but having some degree of independence, because sometimes
Richelle Direny: Even with the relationship with
Richelle Direny: Either one of your kids fathers, if they feel like you have some degree of dependency on them financially with the children, they will. It's almost like you're giving them that room to want to Earth to feel like
Jasie Crotinger: They have something to your life they have that right hand or
Richelle Direny: You are you you need them. And you're dependent upon them. I mean you personally don't need them. Your children needs them, but you don't need them.
Jasie Crotinger: So you
Richelle Direny: You work towards your own independence. Is that what you're saying is I'm independent and I can handle my own
Richelle Direny: I don't need you, but your children need you. Your children needs us to work together to help them right
Richelle Direny: Just, just so to pretty much raised them and to teach them what is right from wrong or just kind of how to meet independent in life and how to get through life.
Richelle Direny: That's what children need but they don't need you feeling like you have the upper hand over me because I need your money to provide something for that you understand
Richelle Direny: Yeah, and so it's so it's kind of like
Richelle Direny: Taking an inventory of your life as it is right now writing down what your goals are, what is it that you, where do you see yourself or where do you. Where would you like to see yourself in six months, and what are the steps you're going to take to get there.
Richelle Direny: And just being proactive about that, in fact, gives you some sense of motivation. Once you could once you put it down on paper and you start making those tiny steps towards that goal because I'm telling you, JC
Richelle Direny: one foot in front of the other is going to get you to the finish line. It may take you a while.
Richelle Direny: But you don't get there.
Richelle Direny: If you keep putting one foot in front of the other.
Richelle Direny: But if you stay still, you will never, you will see the finish line. But you'll never get there because hey, you're not moving. So it's just taking those small little steps can
Jasie Crotinger: I do like I procrastinate a lot. And that's really hindered me and a lot of
Jasie Crotinger: Operations. I was always a last minute.
Jasie Crotinger: Addition around and then I wonder why I don't have anything to to buy now, and it's just kind of like a pain in the ass. I don't know why.
Jasie Crotinger: I really don't. It's like saying, I'm going to have so much to get overwhelmed and I'm just like all that can wait because I got all this going on and I allow people to kind of blocking
Jasie Crotinger: from achieving that stuff. Nothing erasing the most. A lot of people like
Jasie Crotinger: Like basically Wesley will try to call me like drag it off work right and try to call me. But he said, find out my hours because of him calling me about a Mari and like
Jasie Crotinger: He was like when you get off work. I need to talk to you about her son. I'm like, okay, I get off this time, whatever. So now he knows my hours.
Jasie Crotinger: So you try calling me and Jay and then don't try to sit on the phone me when I'm just making the calls. It's like you're blocking me from being able to handle my stuff. But I got work I have to do here. I mean, I had to get to work like
Jasie Crotinger: I am to make causes death and same with run he'll stop over here. And then he asked me to entertain him or, you know, do something and it's like they don't understand, like, I have a job. I have to do. I don't get money unless I do my job. Yeah, I mean,
Jasie Crotinger: It kind of does
Richelle Direny: So,
Richelle Direny: So think of the. Think of someone that is a woman that's very independent
Richelle Direny: And kind of look at the
Jasie Crotinger: The mindset of
Richelle Direny: A person that's in them. I'm not talking about over independent and super independent who think that they don't need anybody and likes to get through, like, that's just being over. That's just being ridiculous, but I'm talking about an independent person who sets goals.
Richelle Direny: Right. And they work towards those goals and in the reason why I say that because a lot of that comes from
Richelle Direny: To be independent means to set very clear boundaries for yourself and for everybody else outside and you're saying it's if you say
Richelle Direny: Okay, for instance, let's look at something as small as you want it to me for a session. Right, this is your work schedule.
Richelle Direny: So I have to respect the fact that your work schedule is from nine to one from one to five. So then I have to work within
Richelle Direny: Your availability. So, then your availability is okay well what about eight morning. I know that I have x amount of time to have this interaction with you that will not infringe upon the
Richelle Direny: Other responsibilities that you have
Richelle Direny: And so
Richelle Direny: The say it's, it's, but you have to voice that to everybody else in your life. This is, this is my availability.
Richelle Direny: If you say to any one of your children's father. You want to talk to me about my about our son. Okay.
Richelle Direny: Is it an emergency. Well, no. Okay. Well, this is my availability.
Richelle Direny: And you
Jasie Crotinger: Know them.
Richelle Direny: Not necessarily the time you work. But when you are available after your work hours if that is it.
Richelle Direny: If it's an emergency, then you know okay we're gonna, I'm going to carve out 10 minutes right now and we're going to have that time. So if you have to have a mental time clock going a timer going on. Okay, you have 10 minutes to tell me what's going on.
Richelle Direny: And then after that 10 minutes I have to go.
Richelle Direny: You stop and you keep it moving. Because now you're demanding you're you're sending those boundaries. And not only are you setting it you're demanding that respect of a person being respectful of your time and availability.
Richelle Direny: We're not saying that you don't want to have the conversation and you don't want to have that interaction. I'm just saying you have to respect my time and my availability.
Richelle Direny: In terms of
Richelle Direny: What it is that
Time.
Jasie Crotinger: Right.
Richelle Direny: So,
Jasie Crotinger: But you
Richelle Direny: Know, based on what you're saying is that, especially your youngest child.
Richelle Direny: He's always going to use
Richelle Direny: The child as leverage
Richelle Direny: To come in and open that line of conversation.
Richelle Direny: And once he gets in there. It's not maybe
Richelle Direny: Five minutes. Our conversation will be
Richelle Direny: But the next 10 to 15 minutes
Richelle Direny: Would be about you and him, and how are you guys going to try to work out things and him telling you about his problem.
Richelle Direny: And trying to figure out how we can get back in your good grief.
Richelle Direny: That's not visible. That's not the purpose of our time together. The purpose of our time together is to only talk about our child and to find out how can we effectively cope parents. That's all we need to talk about
Richelle Direny: And one of them is
Jasie Crotinger: Is I tried to make the boundaries boundaries down today. Listen, I don't want to mess with you, unless you're divorced and if you're coming back, you're back. I've been. I don't want to do that extra stuff you know me, I don't want to be a side.
Jasie Crotinger: A side piece that's not my, my, my, what I want to do, you know, I mean, I don't want to come in.
Jasie Crotinger: And ruin a marriage and I made that clear to him, you're having the first time you call it something, how much he loved me and miscellaneous I'm sorry that he was being selfish.
Jasie Crotinger: And that he acted like it was bad when it really wasn't. It was just him being selfish and asking how much I was really doing for him and when
Jasie Crotinger: You know i mean inside that runs a really big and I was just trying to you know to make a relationship work because he was acting as if it was
Jasie Crotinger: Something that wasn't working, you know, I mean, just to justify behavior. So, that time I kind of brushed it off because it was like you were talking about our side. Now you're talking about us. I gotta go. You know, I mean,
Jasie Crotinger: Then he kept making reasons to call and so then I'm like, Okay, well then, he then he comes back around with a bunch of fuck with around. Now you're a boy and you'll do whatever the fuck boy, you can do this, this and this thing.
Richelle Direny: But you want to. That's where you end the conversation.
Jasie Crotinger: Like
Richelle Direny: It doesn't matter you I am
Richelle Direny: The conversation.
Jasie Crotinger: Right, if he can see the difference between a minute relationship that actually something more than that. And I just a little bling relationship that whenever someone's not committed
Jasie Crotinger: Then you just don't know what marriage is period because this is a second man cheating, you know, I mean, the second major cheating like wasn't
Jasie Crotinger: Anywhere in the same sense. I don't even if he didn't leave her. I don't even think I wouldn't give them the time of day because I was like
Jasie Crotinger: Why wasn't that managers are for me, you know, I mean, and I don't understand, like,
Jasie Crotinger: We were together for years and years and years. And we were
Jasie Crotinger: So what was the lighting bank me to be with you so many times. Like, why wasn't I the person that you would on that would, you know, I mean,
Richelle Direny: In a businessman. He
Jasie Crotinger: Says, Well, I would have married you. But you said you didn't want to married get married to me. So no, I just didn't want a marriage. My name only seen it at the piece of paper. So that's on you if you took that away from that.
Jasie Crotinger: Because, you know, it's, that's how you treat it, you know, I mean that's on you because you're assuming I'm talking about you because that's actually how you feel about a marriage.
Jasie Crotinger: The only comment I ever made was saying, I don't want to be married to somebody that makes it seem like it's just the paper here. I mean,
Jasie Crotinger: I probably wouldn't marry him just because of the fact I did. Is it the tear, but it doesn't matter, marriage is not holding me. And down here. You know, like that's what she thought it was going to do. But
Jasie Crotinger: That's beside the point. My point is just that.
Jasie Crotinger: Like I said, it's just I feel like
Jasie Crotinger: Like if he really, you know, was telling the truth. You would find a way bag. You know, I mean,
Jasie Crotinger: I tend to wait for nobody like that.
Jasie Crotinger: Nigel. I would take him out though.
Jasie Crotinger: I don't think I would
Richelle Direny: Eat into it. Yeah. And that I'm in. And that whole situation is like a whole
Richelle Direny: Session by itself in terms of addressing your own thought process in
Richelle Direny: Right, if a person divorces their spouse to come to you. It's the processing. Well, what needs to the same meaning to you and kind of dig a little bit deeper in understanding that whole concept of you're going to
Jasie Crotinger: Yeah, I mean,
Jasie Crotinger: First of all, there together in a relationship, and then he got with her and he married her. And then for him to try and save and now we're not doing that, you're not coming back.
Jasie Crotinger: Because in my mind. It's like you're on the first time I'm not gonna, I'm not going to forgive you for everything you did.
Jasie Crotinger: The live the sheet. You put me through the body you marry her behind my back. You know, I mean, and the fact that, and I had to be the bigger person on this whole situation. I just let my son go down there, even after the fact.
Jasie Crotinger: You know, so anyway, and then Maria has nothing to do with that is where they should have the father is more important than my, you know, the meat, or in some type of way and trying to use them at the part I don't use my kids.
Jasie Crotinger: That's the, I mean, now if I've ever taught my kids, the way it's been for their safety or because I felt like it wasn't a good space for them to be in with their fathers in the situations, they were in at the time that I've never used them as as like empire, so
Jasie Crotinger: You know, I've always had a I mean, being a bigger person that situation. And it's like, I really don't think I ever would forgive him for all that you did to see dreaming like shit.
Jasie Crotinger: Then to turn around to you. You're doing all this shape for her and her kids and you like, when are you basically raise my kids like this. I see like
Jasie Crotinger: Mean, he was it there the whole time but well yeah actually was from the time I had asked when
Jasie Crotinger: All the way up to me on in a minute. So he basically did raise my kids when when me and around more together. He was there. If I trained him all that, you know, I mean, if anything, you should be treating my kids like they're your kids, you know, I mean, and you never day
Jasie Crotinger: And I brought that up to him yesterday, like you never bought them for their birthday. You never done, none of that shit and butter and do for the next bunch of kids. I don't get that. Like, just stop trying to make something like, oh, I owe you. I owe you nothing.
Jasie Crotinger: I don't owe you anything. I don't know you any explanation for why, that's why I'm around my other ways that don't owe you nothing. I owe you the time day. I mean, anything you
Richelle Direny: Mean
Jasie Crotinger: An explanation, right, if I can do it today and you know me, I'm sorry, I'm sorry. You know, we forgive me. But, but whatever. And that should be
Jasie Crotinger: You shouldn't be trying to force me to forgive you quickly and come down there and see, you're not. And we're not doing all that
Richelle Direny: But, um, I would definitely like I said just continue working on those boundaries with him and and set the boundary in and I keep saying boundaries because it seems like
Jasie Crotinger: You know, yeah.
Richelle Direny: He doesn't know them and but but then it's he doesn't know them. But then it's you also
Richelle Direny: setting them and making it. Yes. You're not making it very clear for him.
Richelle Direny: I'm you shouldn't be you're married. Whatever I do with my life and whomever I do it with. It's none of your business or your concern and we should not be having this back and forth conversation about that.
Jasie Crotinger: Yeah, right. And he drives a usama taker son away from me because he knows you know I mean a marine marine play when it comes to my kids all my
Jasie Crotinger: Undergrad that you know that right with my other one. So mine is only one I've ever had. That's right. He knows I don't play it on it.
Jasie Crotinger: So you're starting to take my son and threaten to do stupid Shane. And it's like, Why are you trying to to involve our son in your petty shit like I just don't get it.
Jasie Crotinger: Right. He doesn't need to have boundaries and I think I'm gonna make that clear because I just, I can do it around. I refuse to go back to that bullshit again.
Jasie Crotinger: Or
Richelle Direny: You leave yourself open you leave yourself open to be hurt.
Richelle Direny: Use leave yourself, you know, really questioning what is it that you really want for your life. And like you said.
Richelle Direny: It's for creating a distraction for you to set
Richelle Direny: Your own personal goals to what it is that you want to do.
Jasie Crotinger: Right, right.
Richelle Direny: So, so
Richelle Direny: Okay, so let's
Richelle Direny: So let's, um, I don't know, do you want to meet once a month.
Jasie Crotinger: Yeah, that'll work.
Richelle Direny: Off.
Richelle Direny: Okay, so let's look
Richelle Direny: And you say you get off at five right
Jasie Crotinger: Yeah, we play by with it.
Richelle Direny: I think
Richelle Direny: Now you said that you're going to start coming to groups on
Richelle Direny: On Tuesday.
Richelle Direny: at eight o'clock.
Jasie Crotinger: In the evening. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Okay.
Richelle Direny: Let's do our next group. Our next individual on the 19th at six o'clock.
Jasie Crotinger: I gotta work.
Richelle Direny: Okay. All right. I see. And like I said, one of the things I do encourage you to do a follow up next week on the next time we meet
Richelle Direny: Is making those goals like
Richelle Direny: That about what is it that you want, what you want to do in terms of you going to school, went back to school.
Okay.
Richelle Direny: Okay. All right, then. Have a good
Richelle Direny: Night.